Okay.
So now we are in the position to define what that ANP position.
Right.
So what are people?
Auditions.
Oh, okay.
Just to see.
But so are people Yushchenko's the positions which are been for previously white people regions.
So positions.
Winning for.
Previously.
So that piece from your right People Edition.
And secondly, water and conditions.
These are called the next playable editions.
What is an exclusive position?
Position winning for the next player mate.
The player whose chances next?
Well, okay, guys, we have already discussed this part that what are winning and losing positions.
So I just delayed from them.
Eight.
So what was a losing position?
If I'm the next player?
I'm the current player and I cannot make a move or I can make a move and lose.
Right?
So can we see that?
And positions correspond to the blue.
Origin's are the blue.
There are winning positions for the current player that we have defined.
H I'm just correlating with the above example and what people additions, the previous flavor additions.
Which are losing positions.
Because previously it was a position winning for the previous player.
Right.
So for me, it is a losing bush.
Well here I am relating it of in what we have w in in its order and WAC and then we have been.
Well, do not forget this.
And the next tribulation, which is a winning position for the next player, and B is the previous player
position, which is a winning for the previous player.
So as we saw in the above part.
So can we see that?
Okay.
Let's talk about example one that not six is a B position.
Eight.
And except.
And what?
What we have.
We have a one, two, three, four, five.
And then seven, eight, nine, ten, 11.
And these are end positions.
Winning positions.
And or the next play race.
It is not the tough to understand these terms now.
So furthering the goals, I will be using the blue in it.
It is winning and losing positions because it is less confusing then and then people additions it w
for win l for lose.
I.
I have to tell you all of all this because it's a part of game theory eight.
So you should know this pool.
Now let's move forward and let's define one more position, which is a dominant position.
The water terminal position.
A position from which there is no move possible made.
It's a position from which no legal move.
Is.
Possible.
For example, the zero was a dominant position.
Right.
Well, the terminal position is a losing position, but not necessarily all losing positions are a dominant
position in Greece.
Think about this.
Okay.
Now we have defined dominant positions.
So now let's write some steps.
It's make some steps that we used earlier to find out all the positions.
So let's say the steps of the algorithm.
So the first step is we will mark.
All terminal positions.
As people.
Oral tradition.
Okay.
So order to manipulations up people because we are talking about the normal route.
So initially will mark autumnal editions as people editions.
Now let's move on to the second step.
Eight.
So now we will, Mark.
Okay.
So we will mark all the positions that can reach any position as a end position.
Eight Mark all.
Positions.
Which can.
Reach any position.
S and position eight.
Initially, what we did was we marked the term liberation as a people edition and then now we're making
all the positions which can move to this position or any of the People Edition's s end positions, because
we know at least one People edition is required to make it desire and position eight.
Similarly, at least one losing position is required to make the current position as of winning position
eight.
Now, what is the third?
The third one was, he remarked, people should be mocked and politicians now will again make people
decisions.
Out of all the positions that we did, I've been stabbed to eight.
What I see.
Okay.
So can we say a key mark?
Mark all.
All the positions.
As a position.
From which.
We can only move to.
And position.
Right.
So in all the positions as be versions from which we can move to any of the end positions derived.
In step.
To aid in what is a full step if no new positions are formed.
No new.
Positions marked, it means I perform step two, I perform step three, and I'm not getting anything
new out of it.
No more new additions.
All the positions have been marked.
If no new positions break.
Otherwise.
Go to step two.
Right.
Go to step to mark all end positions again and then mark people means again and again.
Tick, embedded.
I've got something new or not.
So this is one way of solving this algorithm by moving backwards, moving from terminal position to
the final state.
Right.
Okay.
So this was about being in positions or w positions further in the course, I'll be like saying only
W in L positions.
So you don't have to worry about that.
Well, whichever way it pleases, you will take your friend, whatever.
But I will be using W in it, so do not get confused.
W is a winning position for the current player.
L is the winning version for the current player.
So the L is a losing position for the current player.
Okay, so let me finalize all the node rotations of.
This take away Games eight.
Or let me see somebody.
Sources I'm reading.
We got it all.
Dominant positions are.
Positions.
Right.
And from every.
From every end position.
We have at least.
We have at least one move to be position.
Well and from.
People edition.
Almost.
Are in any position.
Order to.
Do it in position.
Ladies.
So these are the general understandings, the summary of whole concept of the degree games from which
we derived all their being inputs.
So subtraction game has been done, has been discussed, and big of a game has been discussed and different
days of the games are discussed over here.
So in the next part we will see some different varieties of games, some cool examples of take away
games in the next video.
Right.
And then after that, we'll move on to the name game.
Okay.
So thank you.